Added section on FlutterLaunchEngine and GeneratedPluginRegistrant to UISceneDelegate breaking change notice (#12111)
flutter/website: src/content/release/breaking-changes/uiscenedelegate.md

Set up the `FlutterPluginRegistrant` programmatically through the
`FlutterAppDelegate`.

### Registering plugins in `application:didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:`

> Most legacy Flutter projects will be registering plugins with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most legacy Flutter projects register plugins with
```

> `GeneratedPluginRegistrant` at application launch. The
> `GeneratedPluginRegistrant` is registering platform channels under the hood and
> should be migrated as [platform channels
> are](#creating-platform-channels-in-application-didfinishlaunchingwithoptions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`GeneratedPluginRegistrant` at application launch. The
`GeneratedPluginRegistrant` object registers platform channels under the hood and
should be migrated as [platform channels
are migrating](#creating-platform-channels-in-application-didfinishlaunchingwithoptions).
```
